[Music]
hey what's up guys sick designs again
today I'll teach you how to make a
realistic lighting studio on cinema 4d
now this is my own revision of one
this isn't copying somebody else's or
anything like that this is completely
original so I came up with this by
myself so the first thing we're going to
do is go into cinema 4d going to render
settings change this to 1280 by 720 to
make this HD then come down to save go
to JPEG and then go to anti-aliasing
changes the best and the max level to
8x8 okay so we're done there let's just
zoom out a little bit come up here to
this cube icon and click it and that
will drop down a cube make this taller
make it wider longer just make this a
pretty good sized cube here almost
rectangular okay now just bring it up
above the floor here I need to make this
a little bit smaller I don't know you
just kind of have to hide this yourself
now we're going to come down here create
a material we're going to check off
specular and change the color to 150
percent just like that and drag this
onto your cube okay now just zoom into
the zoom into the cube so you till you
see a grid so just keep zooming till you
see that right there that's all I did
and now once we have that if we go ahead
and render preview this that looks like
crap so now we're going to fix that
we're going to come up here to render
settings we're going to effect and we're
going to change it change click on
ambient occlusion and global
illumination alright now we're going to
come down to the cube icon again drop
down a plane and create another new
material real quick and we're going to
check on luminance here
bring this up to 200% luminance okay and
with their plane selected we're going to
have to mograph go to cloner drag the
plane into the cloner and if you want to
bring this up just click the cloner so
it moves all three of them now we're
just going to change this change the
count go to grid array and change the
count to two by one by two
all right now we're just going to have
to stretch this out something like that
and so you can see we've got that right
there and we need to bring it a little
bit closer now this is up to you guys
I'm just going to do something like that
and then I'm just going to bring this up
to where it's still kind of in the
camera's view and I'm going to bring it
back do apologize for my computer
freezing up here it seems to do that
quite a bit when I record so I do
apologize for that
okay so something like that right in
there just so it's kind of like in the
camera's view just a little bit of it
out this material we created down here
the one with the luminance checked on
and 200% just drag this onto the plane
here onto the plane but now whenever you
have a ambient occlusion in global
illumination checked on we can go ahead
and press the render preview button and
this should give us a nice little
lighting lighting studio here that looks
looks pretty good so you can see here
we've got those kind of box looking
effect here and we've got some shadows
on the wall and it's going to darker
gray and then here it's kind of lighter
now to make this a little bit more
impressive we can drop down a sphere
and I'm not I spend much time on this
but just for this tutorial to show you
the kind of reflections we can get here
just double click down here change the
color to whatever you want so I'm going
to make this a red sphere and I'm going
to come down here to reflection and I'll
do about 50% and maybe a little bit too
much I don't know I'll do do 45 okay and
now that we have that we can just well
guess my sphere got deleted somehow odd
so I'm going to go and create another
sphere now I'm going to drag this onto
the sphere and if we render preview that
we should have some pretty nice
reflections on the on the sphere here so
as you can see there we've kind of got
these lights reflecting off of this ball
and then the ball actually reflecting
the floor in the walls so that does look
quite nice and you know you can you can
play around with the brightness and the
you know other reflection you know you
turn it down and it won't reflect near
as much or reflected near as brightly
but whenever we're in a preview this you
can see that gives us a nice little
reflection and you know you can play
around with the spacing of the planes up
here the lights to make this look
different but that's essentially the
look we're going for so that was a
really fairly simple to do and as a
really nice effect so if you like this
tutorial if it helped you out please let
me know leave a comment below give this
video a thumbs up and please subscribe
to my channel I'd really appreciate it
and always keep in mind I real return
the favor to you so yeah that's all I
have for you today and I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]